# CryptoStrikers Terms of Use
Last Updated: June 8, 2018

CryptoStrikers is a distributed application that runs on the Ethereum network, using internally developed smart contracts (each, a “Smart Contract”) to enable users to own, transfer, and obtain unique digital trading cards (“Cards”), which the user can interact with on a website (www.cryptostrikers.com) (the “Site”). The Smart Contracts and the Site are collectively referred to in these Terms as the “Application”. Using the Application, users can view their Card and use the Smart Contracts to acquire and trade Cards with other Application users via marketplace sales.

CRYPTOSTRIKERS LLC ("CryptoStrikers", "we", or "us") is making the Application available to you. Before you use the Application, the Smart Contracts, or the Site, however, you will need to agree to these Terms of Use and any terms and conditions incorporated herein by reference (collectively, these “Terms"). PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE APPLICATION, THE SMART CONTRACTS, OR THE SITE. THESE TERMS GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE APPLICATION, THE SMART CONTRACTS, AND THE SITE, UNLESS WE HAVE EXECUTED A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT WITH YOU FOR THAT PURPOSE. WE ARE ONLY WILLING TO MAKE THE APPLICATION, THE SMART CONTRACTS, AND THE SITE AVAILABLE TO YOU IF YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THESE TERMS. BY USING THE APPLICATION, THE SMART CONTRACTS, THE SITE, OR ANY PART OF THEM, EITHER VIA CLICKING “ACCEPT” IN THE REGISTRATION/SIGN UP FLOW FOR THE SITE OR INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OTHERWISE, YOU ARE CONFIRMING THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THESE TERMS. IF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT THESE TERMS ON THAT ENTITY’S BEHALF, IN WHICH CASE “YOU” WILL MEAN THAT ENTITY. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL OF THESE TERMS, THEN WE ARE UNWILLING TO MAKE THE APPLICATION, THE SMART CONTRACTS, OR THE SITE AVAILABLE TO YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE APPLICATION, THE SMART CONTRACTS, OR THE SITE.

**1. Our Cards**

A. We have utilized Smart Contracts to develop multiple sets of Cards. The initial set of 100 Cards (‘Originals’) will be available for purchase in packs of 4 Cards (‘Normal Sale’) on the day we first launch the Application until 11:59pm EDT on July 15, 2018. Our Smart Contracts enforce a hard limit of 302,464 packs of Originals Cards, 800,000 Cards total.

B. In addition to the Originals set, 24 Cards (‘Iconics’) will be available for purchase ivia random inserts in packs of 4 Cards (‘Premium Sale’) starting on June 14, 2018 until 11:59pm EDT on July 15, 2018. Different Iconics Cards will be available on a daily basis, as indicated on the CryptoStrikers website. Our Smart Contracts enforce a hard limit of 12,000 packs of Originals Cards, 48,000 Cards total.

C. Originals Cards will also be distributed from time to time via ‘Premium Sale’. These Sales offer a different composition of Originals Cards, in combination with Iconics Cards.

D. Users my collect cards via Buying Packs, buying individual cards in the Marketplace, trading cards with other users, receiving gifts from other users or via CryptoStrikers promotions, or earning award cards via the Referral Program.

**2. The Application**

A. To use the Application, you must use either a (1) compatible web browser - either Chrome, Firefox, Opera, or Brave, and then install a browser extension called MetaMask; or (2) a mobile ethereum wallet application that is MetaMask compatible - such as Cipher Browser, Toshi, Trust Wallet, or Status. MetaMask is an electronic wallet, which allows you to purchase (either directly via Coinbase if you are in the United States, or via other third party sites), store, and engage in transactions using Ethereum cryptocurrency. You will not be able to engage in any transactions on the Application other than through MetaMask (or other Ethereum-compatible browsers). The Application will only recognize you as a user, and you will only be able to interact with the Application, if your Ethereum electronic wallet is connected and unlocked through your MetaMask account. There is no other way to sign up as a user, or to interact directly with the Application.

B. Transactions that take place on the Application are managed and confirmed via the Ethereum blockchain. You understand that your Ethereum public address will be made publicly visible whenever you engage in a transaction on the Application.

C. We neither own nor control MetaMask, Coinbase, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Brave, Cipher Browser, Toshi, Trust Wallet, Status, the Ethereum network, or any other third party site, product, or service that you might access, visit, or use for the purpose of enabling you to use the various features of the Application. We will not be liable for the acts or omissions of any such third parties, nor will we be liable for any damage that you may suffer as a result of your transactions or any other interaction with any such third parties.

D. You must provide accurate and complete registration information when you create an account for the Application. By creating an account, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete account information about yourself, and to maintain and promptly update as necessary your account information. You are responsible for the security of your account and your MetaMask wallet (and other Ethereum wallets and accounts). If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or of your account with us, you agree to notify us immediately at terms@cryptostrikers.com.

**3. Fees and Payment**

A. If you elect to purchase, trade, or enter award giveaways to obtain Cards using the Application, or with or from other users via the Application, any financial transactions that you engage in will be conducted solely through the Ethereum network via MetaMask. We will have no insight into or control over these payments or transactions, nor do we have the ability to reverse any transactions. With that in mind, we will have no liability to you or to any third party for any claims or damages that may arise as a result of any transactions that you engage in via the Application, or using the Smart Contracts, or any other transactions that you conduct via the Ethereum network or MetaMask.

B. Ethereum requires the payment of a transaction fee (a “Gas Fee”) for every transaction that occurs on the Ethereum network. The Gas Fee funds the network of computers that run the decentralized Ethereum network. This means that you will need to pay a Gas Fee for each transaction that occurs via the Application.

C. As between us, you will be solely responsible to pay any and all sales, use, value-added and other taxes, duties, and assessments (except taxes on our net income) now or hereafter claimed or imposed by any governmental authority (collectively, “Taxes”) associated with your use of the Application (including, without limitation, any Taxes that may become payable as the result of your ownership, transfer, or acquisition of any of your Cards). Except for income taxes levied on CryptoStrikers, you: (i) will pay or reimburse us for all national, federal, state, local or other taxes and assessments of any jurisdiction, including value added taxes and taxes as required by international tax treaties, customs or other import or export taxes, and amounts levied in lieu thereof based on charges set, services performed or payments made hereunder, as are now or hereafter may be imposed under the authority of any national, state, local or any other taxing jurisdiction; and (ii) shall not be entitled to deduct the amount of any such taxes, duties or assessments from payments made to us pursuant to these Terms.

**4. CryptoStrikes “Collect Them All!” Awards Giveaway**

A. Types and Qualification

Users who agree to the CryptoStrikers Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and CryptoStrikers Official “Collect Them All!” Award Giveaway Rules are eligible for the following awards (‘The Award Giveaway’, singularly the ‘Giveaway,’ or collectively the ‘Giveaways’):

(1) Originals 100 Award - Users who collect all 100 Cards in the set will be eligible for this Award. This Award will consist of 1 high quality poster print of any Originals player, either 11” x 17” (24 x 43 cm) or 18” x 24” (46 x 61 cm). Users who have completed their collection as of 11:59pm EDT on July 20, 2018 as designated above, will receive this Award.

(2) Iconics 32 Award - Users who collect all 32 Cards in the set will be eligible for this Award. This Award will consist of 1 high quality poster print of any Originals player, either 11” x 17” (24 x 43 cm) or 18” x 24” (46 x 61 cm). Users who have completed their collection as of the end of the day on July 20, 2018 as designated above, will receive this Award. 

Users that collect the requisite cards to obtain either reward are ‘Qualified Collectors.’

Qualified Collectors can earn either or both Awards. Qualified Collectors of any Award will need to claim such Award by clicking the applicable “Claim Award” button on their Profile page starting at 12:00am EDT on July 16, 2018. CryptoStrikers will send Qualified Collectors an email with information on how to claim their Award. Users who do not claim Awards by this process by 12:01 EDT on July 25, 2018 will forfeit them. 

Form more information, see the Award Giveaway Rules. For instructions on how to collect all the cards, see supra “Our Cards,” Section 1(a)-(d).

B. Termination and Changes

CryptoStrikers may suspend or terminate a User’s eligibility to receive an Award. We reserve the right to suspend accounts or terminate Award eligibility if we notice any activity that we believe is abusive, fraudulent, or in violation of these terms and the CryptoStrikers Terms of Use. We reserve the right to review and investigate all activities and to suspend accounts in our sole discretion as deemed fair and appropriate.

Users may not be earn Awards by creating multiple CryptoStrikers accounts. Cards accrued in separate CryptoStrikers accounts may not be combined into one CryptoStrikers account. CryptoStrikers may terminate participation in The Award Program for any User that violates these provisions.

C. Other

You are responsible for any Tax consequences, if any, that may result from you receiving Awards. Where applicable, CryptoStrikers may be required to account for VAT on any Awards that are received.

**5. Ownership; Restrictions**

A. You acknowledge and agree that we (or, as applicable, our licensors) own all legal right, title and interest in and to all elements of the Application, and all intellectual property rights therein. The visual interfaces, graphics (including, without limitation, all art and drawings associated with the Cards), design, systems, methods, information, computer code, software, services, “look and feel”, organization, compilation of the content, code, data, and all other elements of the Application (collectively, the “CrypoStrikers Materials”) are owned by CryptoStrikers, and are protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions, other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. All CryptoStrikers Materials are the copyrighted property of CryptoStrikers or its licensors, and all trademarks, service marks, and trade names contained in the CryptoStrikers Materials are proprietary to CryptoStrikers or its licensors. Except as expressly set forth herein, your use of the Application does not grant you ownership of or any other rights with respect to any content, code, data, or other materials that you may access on or through the Application. We reserve all rights in and to the CryptoStrikers Materials not expressly granted to you in the limited license as described below.

CryptoStrikers hereby grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, and non-assignable limited license (the “Limited License”), without any duty of reporting or accounting, to the Card Graphics (limited here to the art and drawings associated with the Cards) for personal use (including, but not limited to, printing on a personal t-shirt or personal coffee mug). However, You acknowledge that this Limited License does not grant you nor any other person or entity holding the Limited License the right reproduce, distribute, or otherwise commercialize any elements of the Cards. Notwithstanding any other contrary term in this Agreement, the Limited License granted herein shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of these Terms.

B. You may choose to submit comments, bug reports, ideas or other feedback about the Application, including without limitation about how to improve the Application (collectively, “Feedback”). By submitting any Feedback, you agree that we are free to use such Feedback at our discretion and without additional compensation to you, and to disclose such Feedback to third parties (whether on a non-confidential basis, or otherwise). You hereby grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license under all rights necessary for us to incorporate and use your Feedback for any purpose.

C. You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct while accessing or using the Application, and for any consequences thereof. You agree to use the Application only for purposes that are legal, proper and in accordance with these Terms and any applicable laws or regulations. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you may not, and may not allow any third party to: (i) send, upload, distribute or disseminate any unlawful, defamatory, harassing, abusive, fraudulent, obscene, or otherwise objectionable content; (ii) distribute viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses, corrupted files, hoaxes, or any other items of a destructive or deceptive nature; (iii) impersonate another person (via the use of an email address or otherwise); (iv) upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Application any content that infringes the intellectual proprietary rights of any party; (v) use the Application to violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; (vi) engage in, promote, or encourage illegal activity (including, without limitation, money laundering); (vii) interfere with other users’ enjoyment of the Application; (viii) exploit the Application for any unauthorized commercial purpose; (ix) modify, adapt, translate, or reverse engineer any portion of the Application; (x) remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Application or any part of it; (xi) reformat or frame any portion of the Application; (xii) display any content on the Application that contains any hate-related or violent content or contains any other material, products or services that violate or encourage conduct that would violate any criminal laws, any other applicable laws, or any third party rights; (xiii) use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other device to retrieve or index any portion of the Application or the content posted on the Application, or to collect information about its users for any unauthorized purpose; (xiv) create user accounts by automated means or under false or fraudulent pretenses; or (xv) access or use the Application for the purpose of creating a product or service that is competitive with any of our products or services.

D. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or the Application, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password "mining", or any other illegitimate means.
You may not use the Site or the Application for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of CryptoStrikers.

**6. Termination**

You may terminate these Terms at any time by canceling your account on the Application and discontinuing your access to and use of the Application. You will not receive any refunds if you cancel your account, or otherwise terminate these Terms. You agree that we, in our sole discretion and for any or no reason, may terminate these Terms and suspend and/or terminate your account(s) for the Application. You agree that any suspension or termination of your access to the Application may be without prior notice, and that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such suspension or termination. If we terminate these Terms or suspend or terminate your access to or use of the Application due to your breach of these Terms or any suspected fraudulent, abusive, illicit or illegal activity, then termination of these Terms will be in addition to any other remedies we may have at law or in equity. Upon any termination or expiration of these Terms, whether by you or us, you may no longer have access to information that you have posted on the Application or that is related to your account, and you acknowledge that we will have no obligation to maintain any such information in our databases or to forward any such information to you or to any third party. Sections 2.A, 2.C and 3 through 18 will survive the termination or expiration of these Terms for any reason.

**7. Disclaimers**

A. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THAT THE APPLICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AND LICENSORS MAKE NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES REGARDING THE APPLICATION AND ANY PART OF IT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE SITE, ANY SMART CONTRACT, OR ANY EXTERNAL WEBSITES), INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AND LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT: (I) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE APPLICATION WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE APPLICATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR, (III) USAGE DATA PROVIDED THROUGH THE APPLICATION WILL BE ACCURATE, (III) THE APPLICATION OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICES, OR FEATURES MADE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE APPLICATION ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR (IV) THAT ANY DATA THAT YOU DISCLOSE WHEN YOU USE THE APPLICATION WILL BE SECURE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

B. YOU ACCEPT THE INHERENT SECURITY RISKS OF PROVIDING INFORMATION AND DEALING ONLINE OVER THE INTERNET, AND AGREE THAT WE HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY UNLESS IT IS DUE TO OUR GROSS NEGLIGENCE.

C. WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES YOU INCUR AS THE RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE ETHEREUM NETWORK OR THE METAMASK ELECTRONIC WALLET, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (A) USER ERROR, SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS OR INCORRECTLY CONSTRUED SMART CONTRACTS OR OTHER TRANSACTIONS; (B) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (C) CORRUPTED WALLET FILES; (D) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR ACTIVITIES BY THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTE FORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE APPLICATION, ETHEREUM NETWORK, OR THE METAMASK ELECTRONIC WALLET.

D. CARDS ARE INTANGIBLE DIGITAL ASSETS THAT EXIST ONLY BY VIRTUE OF THE OWNERSHIP RECORD MAINTAINED IN THE ETHEREUM NETWORK. ALL SMART CONTRACTS ARE CONDUCTED AND OCCUR ON THE DECENTRALIZED LEDGER WITHIN THE ETHEREUM PLATFORM. WE HAVE NO CONTROL OVER AND MAKE NO GUARANTEES OR PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO SMART CONTRACTS.

E. CRYPTOSTRIKERS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSSES DUE TO BLOCKCHAINS OR ANY OTHER FEATURES OF THE ETHEREUM NETWORK OR THE METAMASK ELECTRONIC WALLET, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LATE REPORT BY DEVELOPERS OR REPRESENTATIVES (OR NO REPORT AT ALL) OF ANY ISSUES WITH THE BLOCKCHAIN SUPPORTING THE ETHEREUM NETWORK, INCLUDING FORKS, TECHNICAL NODE ISSUES, OR ANY OTHER ISSUES HAVING FUND LOSSES AS A RESULT.

F. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW FOR THE USE, PURCHASE, OR SALE OF THE CARDS. BY USING THE SITE, APPLICATION, OR THE CARDS (INCLUDING THE PURCHASE, SALE, OR USE OF THE CARDS), YOU ASSUME THE RISK THAT THE SITE, THE APPLICATION, OR THE CARDS MAY VIOLATE LOCAL, MUNICIPAL, STATE OR NATIONAL LAWS OF THE JURISDICTION IN WHICH YOU ARE DOMICILED. YOU FURTHER ASSUME THE RISK THAT SUCH USE MAY EXPOSE YOU TO LEGAL LIABILITIES. YOU AGREE BY USING THE SITE, THE APPLICATION, OR THE CARDS THAT YOU WILL HOLD CRYPTOSTRIKERS, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES OR CONTRACTORS HARMLESS FOR ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM MADE OR BROUGHT AGAINST YOU RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THE APPLICATION OR THE CARDS AND YOU AGREE NOT TO PURSUE ANY THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS AGAINST CRYPTOSTRIKERS, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES OR CONTRACTORS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LEGAL CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTIONS (OR THREATS THEREOF) MADE OR BROUGHT AGAINST YOU.

**8. Limitation of Liability**

A. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT WE, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHICH YOU MAY INCUR, HOWSOEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOSS OF PROFITS (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY), LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, LOSS OF DATA, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

B. YOU AGREE THAT OUR TOTAL, AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF (OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE) ANY PORTION OF THE APPLICATION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) THE AMOUNTS YOU ACTUALLY PAID US UNDER THESE TERMS IN THE 12 MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE THE CLAIM AROSE, OR (B) US$100.

C. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE HAVE MADE THE APPLICATION AVAILABLE TO YOU AND ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS IN RELIANCE UPON THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN, WHICH REFLECT A REASONABLE AND FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US. WE WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE APPLICATION TO YOU WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS.

D. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, AND SOME JURISDICTIONS ALSO LIMIT DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY FROM CONSUMER PRODUCTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO PERSONAL INJURY CLAIMS.

**9. Assumption of Risk**

You accept and acknowledge each of the following:

A. The prices of blockchain assets are extremely volatile. Fluctuations in the price of other digital assets could materially and adversely affect the value of your Cards, which may also be subject to significant price volatility. We cannot guarantee that any purchasers of Cards will not lose money.

B. You are solely responsible for determining what, if any, taxes apply to your Cards-related transactions. CryptoStrikers is not responsible for determining the taxes that apply to your transactions on the Application, the Site, or the Smart Contracts.

C. The Application does not store, send, or receive Cards. This is because Cards exist only by virtue of the ownership record maintained on the Application’s supporting blockchain in the Ethereum network. Any transfer of Cards occurs within the supporting blockchain in the Ethereum network, and not on the Application.

D. There are risks associated with using an Internet-based currency, including, but not limited to, the risk of hardware, software and Internet connections, the risk of malicious software introduction, and the risk that third parties may obtain unauthorized access to information stored within your wallet. You accept and acknowledge that CryptoStrikers will not be responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you may experience when using the Ethereum network, however caused.

E. A lack of use or public interest in the creation and development of distributed ecosystems could negatively impact the development of the CryptoStrikers ecosystem, and therefore the potential utility or value of Cards.

F. The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, and tokens is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the development of the CryptoStrikers ecosystem, and therefore the potential utility or value of Cards.

G. Upgrades by Ethereum to the Ethereum platform, a hard fork in the Ethereum platform, or a change in how transactions are confirmed on the Ethereum platform may have unintended, adverse effects on all blockchains using the ERC-20 standard, including the CryptoStrikers ecosystem.

**10. Indemnification**

You agree to hold harmless and indemnify CryptoStrikers and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, advertisers, licensors, suppliers or partners from and against any claim, liability, loss, damage (actual and consequential) of any kind or nature, suit, judgment, litigation cost, and attorneys’ fees arising out of or in any way related to (i) your breach of these Terms, (ii) your misuse of the Application, or (iii) your violation of applicable able laws, rules or regulations in connection with your access to or use of the Application. You agree that CryptoStrikers will have control of the defense or settlement of any such claims.

**11. External Sites**

The Application may include hyperlinks to other websites or resources (collectively, “External Sites”), which are provided solely as a convenience to our users. We have no control over any External Sites. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of any External Sites, and that we do not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or made available from any External Sites. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that we are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred as a result of the availability or unavailability of the External Sites, or as a result of any reliance placed by you upon the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or made available from, any External Sites.

**12. Changes to the Terms**

The Application may include hyperlinks to other websites or resources (collectively, “External Sites”), which are provided solely as a convenience to our users. We have no control over any External Sites. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of any External Sites, and that we do not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or made available from any External Sites. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that we are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred as a result of the availability or unavailability of the External Sites, or as a result of any reliance placed by you upon the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or made available from, any External Sites.

**13. Changes to the Application**

We may make changes to the Terms from time to time. When we make changes, we will make the updated Terms available on the Application and update the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of these Terms accordingly. Please check these Terms periodically for changes. Any changes to the Terms will apply on the date that they are made, and your continued access to or use of the Application after the Terms have been updated will constitute your binding acceptance of the updates.  If you do not agree to any revised Terms, you may not access or use the Application.

**14. Children**

YOUR AFFIRM THAT YOU ARE OVER THE AGE OF 16, AS THE APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 16. IF YOU ARE 16 OR OLDER BUT UNDER THE AGE OF 18, OR THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY WHERE YOU RESIDE IF THAT JURISDICTION HAS AN OLDER AGE OF MAJORITY, THEN YOU AGREE TO REVIEW THESE TERMS WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN TO MAKE SURE THAT BOTH YOU AND YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS. YOU AGREE TO HAVE YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN REVIEW AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS ON YOUR BEHALF. IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR GUARDIAN AGREEING TO THE TERMS FOR THE BENEFIT OF A CHILD OVER 16, THEN YOU AGREE TO AND ACCEPT FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THAT CHILD’S USE OF THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING ALL FINANCIAL CHARGES AND LEGAL LIABILITY THAT HE OR SHE MAY INCUR.

**15. Privacy Policy**

Our [Privacy Policy](https://github.com/CryptoStrikers/legal-docs/blob/master/privacy.md) describes the ways we collect, use, store and disclose your personal information, and is hereby incorporated by this reference into these Terms. You agree to the collection, use, storage, and disclosure of your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

**16. Referral Program**

Our Referral Program outlines the rules by which a user may join the CryptoStrikers Referral Program, and is hereby incorporated by this reference into these Terms. You agree to the participate in the Referral Program in accordance with the rules outlined.

**17. Dispute Resolution; Arbitration**

We try to provide clear rules so that we can limit or hopefully avoid disputes between you and us. If a dispute does arise, however, it's useful to know up front where it can be resolved and what laws will apply. Please read this Section 17 carefully. It requires you to arbitrate disputes with CryptoStrikers, and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us. 

You agree that all disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including without limitation your access or use of the Application, the Site, or the Smart Contracts, or to any products sold or distributed through the Application, the Site, or the Smart Contracts, will be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. You also agree that the laws of the State of Indiana will govern these Terms and any claim, without regard to conflict of law provisions.The appointing authority will be the American Arbitration Association. The case will be adjudicated by a single arbitrator and will be administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its applicable rules. Each party will cover its own fees and costs associated with the arbitration proceedings; however, if the arbitrator finds that you cannot afford to pay the fees and costs reasonably associated with the arbitration proceedings, CryptoStrikers will pay them for you. The place of arbitration will be New York, NY, United States. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions. The language of the arbitration will be English. The award of the arbitrator will be final and binding, and any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CryptoStrikers may seek and obtain injunctive relief in any jurisdiction in any court of competent jurisdiction, and you agree that these Terms are specifically enforceable by CryptoStrikers through injunctive relief and other equitable remedies without proof of monetary damages.

WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DISPUTES RELATED TO THE APPLICATION, THE SITE, THE SMART CONTRACTS, OR ANY PRODUCTS SOLD OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE APPLICATION, THE SITE, OR THE SMART CONTRACTS: (I) YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY; AND (II) YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS IN ANY LAWSUIT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS INVOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTE.

**18. General**

These Terms constitute the entire legal agreement between you and CryptoStrikers, govern your access to and use of the Application, and completely replace any prior or contemporaneous agreements between the parties related to your access to or use of the Application, whether oral or written. There are no third party beneficiaries to these Terms. The parties are independent contractors, and nothing in these Terms create any agency, partnership, or joint venture. The language in these Terms will be interpreted as to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against any party. You may not assign any or your rights or obligations under these Terms, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. We may assign our rights and obligations under these Terms in our sole discretion to an affiliate, or in connection with an acquisition, sale or merger. Should any part of these Terms be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such provision, nor of the right to enforce such provision. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Indiana and the federal laws of United States applicable therein, without regard to its conflicts of law rules and principles. Subject to Section 17, any legal action or proceeding arising under these Terms will be brought exclusively in the federal or provincial courts located in Indianapolis, IN, and the parties irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue there. We will not be liable for any failure or delayed performance of our obligations that result from any condition beyond our reasonable control, including, but not limited to, governmental action, acts of terrorism, earthquake, fire, flood, acts of God, labor conditions, power failures, Internet disturbances, or acts or omissions of third parties. You agree that we may provide you with notices (including, without limitation those regarding changes to these Terms) by email, regular mail, or postings on the Application. By providing us with your email address, you consent to our using the email address to send you any notices required by law in lieu of communication by postal mail.



